I got a 1999 GS400 a few monhs ago after much research and deliberation. I'm only 21 years old so this was quite the purchase for me. But I'm also a car enthusiast so it's not only my transportation but also my hobby.    Overall a great car. Has some strengths and some weaknesses. A few more weaknesses than I expected from the quality\class-leading Lexus nameplate. But I still wouldn't even dream of trading this car in for any of its competitors (BMW 540i Audi A6 Infiniti M45 etc etc).    The car is incredibly well sound-proofed. But it still lets enough noise in to keep the driver aware of their environment. The same with vibrations... they are very dampened but still there enough to communicate with the driver. The engine on this thing is nearly inaudible at idle and still very quiet even at wide open throttle.    -The automatic transmission is bar-none the smoothest and most seemless transmission I've ever driven.    -Gets great gas milage for a V8 in a large car (I get from 19 to 24 depending on conditions)    -Seating and overall ergonomics are very comfortable    -Stereo (Nakamichi) sounds GREAT. I have a $4k+ stereo in my other vehicle and while the bass isn't nearly on par in volume or clarity the midrange and higher frequencies and their imaging are BETTER in my opinion.    -Reliability so far is questionable. I'll put it to you this way. I've had the car for 4 months and already the dealer knows my name by the sound of my voice. The waterpump broke paint has peeled off a small place on the dash both front (HID) headlights have taken in a bunch of moisture and there are a several 'creeks' 'pops' and 'rattles' that occur over various rough road conditions- although I attribute this moreso to the car being so silent inside- you can hear the tiniest noise.    Also the car has DIED on me 4 times already just from ordinary driving. It only does it when the lights and A/C are both off and only when I'm at a complete stop or just barely moving (1-2 MPH).  The dealer has been great and fixed all of the aforemetioned issues EXCEPT for the dying which they are stumped on. They also claim they've never heard of GS400s doing this. However at www.clublexus.com there is a poll going and ~60 out of 100 people that responded to the poll said they're having the same issue so I think there is something weird going on here.
