This car delivered what was expected regarding its vault-like build quality and is entertaining to drive though vague when it comes to directional stability. It's reasonably quick. The diesel-like sound of the engine noted by others gets quiet upon warmup. The devil lies in the details however. The power driver's seat developed squeaks within the first year. The dealer fixed the problem by replacing the seat back frame and the power mechanism. The car was at the dealer for two weeks awaiting parts. Noise eminating from the high center-mount brake light was repaired. Several months later excessive front tire wear began to be noted. Then the front manually adjustable passenger's seat started squeaking over minor pavement undulations. Two attempts were made at "trimming" seat parts until the noise subsided. The air-conditioning failed. It was tested the drier was replaced and the system was deemed to have been fixed. That lasted about a week and a half until it again blew only warm air. The second repair attempt revealed a leak which was repaired and seems to have fixed the problem. During a recent 1300 mile journey a rhythmic droning noise and vibration became apparent. It has gotten progressively worse to the point where it can be felt through the wheel the accelerator and through the seat of one's pants. At low speed one can feel this "gear-mesh" pulsing vibration slowing the vehicle when coasting. Sounds expensive. I wisely purchased an extended warranty so it just means more time spent in a cheap free loaner vehicle for me. I was given an appointment for service 8 days from when I called and was asked whether I intended to continue operating the vehicle in its current condition. I said that I would garage it until I brought it in and drive my old pickup until then. If my experience is common then that explains why there are so many late model low-miles Mercedes-Benzes on the used car market...they spend so much time in the shop the owner is afforded little opportunity to rack up much mileage!
