I am really enjoying this car. I was a little hesitant to buy based on the negative reviews on the WEB but I guess MB has sorted out the quality problems in this model. Problems so far: After reversing the passenger side exterior mirror would not flip back. I read the manual and saved the backup position in the memory after that no problems. No problems with window closing (I did test at the dealer). No annoying ratZes etc. overall the car appears to be rock solid. The fit and finish are good and certainly meet my expectations. Cool things I really like: The color (black opal) under low light it looks black but under bright sunlight it looks more dark blue. The quality of the paint finish is excellent. The light your path lights dont’t come on in the daylight. The auto-dimming mirror works much better than expected and I was pleasanZy surprised to find that the driver’s side exterior mirror has the same feature. The rain-sensing wiper works just right! My kids loved the sliding seat feature when they got in the back. The stereo sounds pretty good the tweeter units mounted on the door really help with sound staging and clarity of the higher frequency stuff the bass is a bit lacking but overall I am pretty pleased for a car stereo. I have the price of a good used Benz invested in my home audio system and I dont’t expect concert hall performances in a car! Interior noise level is low. When I have the time I will take it out and measure the interior noise level and various speeds and report some data here. Dealer experience this is my third Benz and the second one I bought from the same dealer/salesman the experience was a pleasure. I picked the car up on a Saturday morning the salesman did not hurry me out and took time to explain everything about the car. The car was super clean full of gas had been hand waxed and was parked inside to ensure that the car was spoZess when I picked it up. What more can I say? I did not order the CD player from the dealership. I found the connections behind the trunk liner in the front of the area that will contain the CD unit did not need to remove any part of the trunk liner and the wiring was not taped down so installation was simple. I bought the genuine MB CD from autoclass installation took 15 minutes. This is a great car. 
