I purchased my ES over 3 years ago through a dealer friend at a dealer auction. The car had 71k at the time and now has 105K. I've kept up the service since my wife uses and loves the ride and handling of the car. I replaced the timing belt camshaft seals water pump serpentine belt etc. and spent $1200 on the car to put it in first class running condition. I fully expect to put 300k on this car. Repairs at the dealer are expensive so it pays to find a reputable knowledgeable repair shop other than the dealer. I just recently experienced the same complaint as some others with regard to the indicator lights on the tach and speedometer needle. The Lexus dealer quoted me $800 to replace both the tach and speedometer head. I went to car-part.com found a junk yard 200 miles from me....and bought a replacement instrument cluster for $125.00. I had been quoted a price of $100 to install the replacement cluster.....still a lot cheaper than $800 at Lexus? When I received the cluster from the junk yard and inspected it...I decided (with no automotive knowledge) to attempt to install it myself. In less than 30 minutes I had the replacement cluster installed in the dash all lights working like new.....and spent a grand total of $125.00? Sounds like to me more people should try this themselves? Not long after I bought the car I had the Lexus dealer pull the cluster out and replace all the bulbs. For this alone I paid $100? After doing this job myself I can attest to the fact.....anyone can remove the ES300 cluster from the dash and replace every bulb (not the speedo and tach needles) for maybe $10? Don't get me wrong. I will gladly pay someone for their knowledge and labor for timing belts water pumps and the like since I am not a mechanic. But for a simple task such as this one......$800 for a dealer replacement is nothing short of a rip-off? And before you ask the junk yard gave me a 30 day warranty in case the cluster they sent me was not working properly. They informed me they would send another one if that was the case. So go to www.car-part.com and see for yourself. A replacement cluster will cost anywhere from $75.00 to $500.00 depending on the junk yard. I decided to "spend a little extra" and get a good one.
