I love cars. And my wifes BMW is a car that I enjoy so much it's ridiculous. It's a wagon that drives like a sports car(with the power of a sports car if you get a 540i). How's that for handy? We've owned more reliable cars(see weaknesses) but never one that I've enjoyed every minute of driving nearly as much. It now has 27000 miles on it and we would definitely buy another.    Here's some background on me: I subscribe to 5 car magazines. I came in second at a porsche club autocross my first time driving my friends 911. I come close to setting track records at any go-kart track I visit. Big deal right? Well yeah sorry about the immodesty. My point is that I know a good car when I drive one.     This is not a good car but a incredibly good car. The refinement of the drivetrain and chassis is phenomenal. The engine is liquid smooth. The transmission shifts are barely felt and always occur when you want them to.The ride is firm yet compliant. The brakes work to perfection. Yup it's an amazing car to drive.     The quality presents itself when you open and close the door when you grip the M steering wheel when you use the steptronic manual shift mode when you increase or decrease your speed on the steering wheel mounted cruise control. This car screams quality. This car screams performance.    I put a winter wheel/tire setup on(Blizzak MZ-02) and it annhialates my Chevy Silverado in every respect unless the snow gets really deep. ABS and traction control are perfection(although I usually turn off the traction control to feel the cars copius limits myself).    If you drive like a grandma you might be just as happy in a Camry. If not stops at the Mercedes Audi and maybe Volkswagen dealers are the only ones you need to make on the way to the BMW dealer(we test drove the Allroad A6 2.7T E320 wagon and Passat Wagon among other inferior brands-Volvo Saab). If you want 85% of the car for 60% of the price get a Passat. If you love quality prestige and cavernous space get the E320. If you want great power good value and all wheel drive to boot get the Audi. I would be happy in any of them. But if you REALLY want the best driving machine I recommend the BMW.
