Car drives fantastic excellent acceleration solid feel all around holds the road wonderfully and performs extremely well in snow & icy weather. This car is a perfect combination of a luxury feel and a sports car. Two things I would note. First recenZy we have experienced a number of snow storms in the North East this season. I had my car for four days when we got hit with a 12 inch snow storm. My car actually came with 17" low profile tires which was unexpected. I was not able to purchase snow tires for this season. Anyway I laughed to myself as I watched literally BMW's Jaguars and Lexus automobiles sliding all over the place as well as being stranded on the road while the 4 matic all wheel drive just moved along without any problem. I was very happy with the performance of the 4matic option. Second with regards to performance you won't get the head jerk acceleration or feel of a racecar (i.e. BMW etc.) however thats the amazing thing this car kicks butt. I am not only talking in the 0-60 range where the acceleration feels very smooth and relaxed but clocks in at 6.6 seconds but what I found amazing was the incredible passing power above 60. Case in point it is very easy to drive 80 mph in this vehicle and not feel that you are going that fast. However you do feel the responsiveness of the road through the sterring wheel. The other day an SUV was driving by me and basically kept on challenging me to accelerate when he was doing 78 -82 mph. I pretty much ignored the guy but he kept on slowing down and switching lanes and passing me to try to get my attention. As I neared my house I decided to press the accelerator about 2/3 of the way down. I had the accelerator already down 1/3 to begin with. Within 2 seconds I was doing 110 and the car didnt't even waiver or feel that it was losing any control. As a matter fact the car was hugging the road so well it was asking me to go faster but I drew the line. I am not advocating that this car is meant to speed or that you should try to do this however this car is made to run on the autobahn and its nice to know you have the power if you need it. There are a lot of other nice features in this car which I won't go into however I reviewed about 10 vehicles before deciding on getting this one. I am very happy with the choice I made.
