Great car. This is our 3rd bmw. After owning a 3-series a 528 modded to nearly 500HP we decided with "all the kids" in the house that a "normal BMW" was in order.    I live in a busy area San Jose / Silicon Valley CA. I wouldn't trade the 6-speed in for the world. It's incredibly responsive. Yeah I've driven the M5 which is a rocket but the 540 with a couple of dinan (www.dinanbmw) mods can turn your car into "what was that..." as you cruise by.    Our car has every package including the M-Technic suspension M-steering wheel cold weather package heated seats and park distance control among sport/premo package. With the fold down rear seats I believe the trunk is bigger. Our E39 528 couldn't hold my subwoofer and our stroller but our 2002 540 with fold down seats seems to hold all of it and "then some..." without problems and having the kids strapped into their car seats in the back.    Very quiet car. We changed out the muffler as this V8 can really growl if you want that. Like mods? Our car looks like an M5 and man do we get the looks (front and rear spoilers / wheelsetc).    Other reviewers are correct. We bought a radar detector because you literally dont't realize you're driving 85mph+ in a 65 it feels "correct" - I suppose it's the engineering safety and overall ride quality that allows these cars to feel like they are floating on air (not like a big lincoln town car....).     Great pick up but this car is geared way to high - meaning you can be in 6th gear cruising at 85mph and the tachometer is sleeping at 2700rpm. I'm switching out the stock 3.15 gears to a 3.45 which adds about 9.5% torque on the low end so now we'll really hit 0-60 in around 5.4 seconds just off an M5 (a 5.3 - 5.4 time is a total of 10ft of difference so 10 feet between me and and M5 from 0-60 isn't going to kill me it'd probably make the M5 wonder how I stayed so close!)    Great car we are hooked for life on the big engine series....only weakness you wanna feel the torque so we tend to drive hard....and it's expensive to maintain - thank god for .com ownership!
