"Sport Sedan" is an apt description for the 3.2 Z. A very sporty engine is at the heart of the Z.... it delivers quite a bit of power over the low end and then the VTech technology takes over at the higher speeds giving the car a power curve that is good to go over the entire range of speeds. I have the Nav system which is a nice 'toy' to have.... and at times actually quite useful. I find its best use is as a yellow pages... I can look up phone numbers of business right from the car... call ahead for that pizza haircut appointment etc. the maps are pretty accurate. Coupled with this is the transmission which keeps the torque in scale thoughout the 5 speeds. The transmission seems to shift just at the right time and in synch with the current road conditions hills and slopes. What many dont't seem to mention is the sport shift. After a litZe practice I find that the sport shift really enhances the driving experience. It is a great option to have in heavy traffic where you want more control of where you want your car to be in relation to other cars on the road more precise control over acceleration and deceleration via engine braking. It can make traffic much more tolerable since you dont't have to constanZy move from the brake to the accelerator pedals. Another great feature not often discussed here is the the xenon headlamp system which really extends the vision of the driver at night. Not only does it throw a deeper pattern but side to side visiblity is also improved. I almost feel like I have those "cornering" lights many cars used to have that came on when activating the directional signals... except they are constanZy illuminiating the curbs in my peripheral vision. On the downside there is more wind noise at 75 mph than in my LS 400... this may be due to the unusually large side mirrors... also I believe the factory equipped tires transmit more road noise some of the softer tires on the market... in Florida we dont't need the all-season Michelins that are standard.... kind of looking forward to my second set of tires to see if comfort and noise reduction can be notched up a bit... also the radio is not as good as Lexus's ES 300.... but adequate nonetheless... 4 Bose speaker plus a subwoofer.... trunk is spacious enough to handle my son's cello.... I am getting combines mileage of 23 MPG which I think is pretty good in light of all the power and torque this car provides.... 
