I've read some of the reviews with problems and costs....well first everything imaginable is covered under warranty for 3 years. If I bought an American car I'd be changing oil every 3k miles and my own expense. BMW oil changes every 15k miles (still bothers me that's a long time) and they cover it under warranty. The money you save that way surely makes up for something. I've seen other manufacturers doing similar things since we bought ours in early 99. We've had a problem wih the glove box lock works sometimes sometimes whatever it was you were trying to get out just has to stay in there:-) My biggest gripe is the lack of cup holders. For those of you stating excuses for BMW to NOT have good ones those are ludicrous. "You can't drink if you drive the car the way it's meant to be driven"? If you drove it that way ALL THE TIME you'd have so many traffic violations you could trade your Bimmer for bus fare. Come on people we live in America with no Autobahn and we gotta have our latte's and foofoo coffees every morning on the way to our 9 to 5's. If you have kids God forbid they may want to hold their drinks after the Mc'y dees drive through for Happy Meals. I've had ours up to 135 mph (with four occupants) and over 100 mph multiple times and I can still have a drink in the cupholder. I'm also very meticulous and it kills me to see a 16 oz pop go spraying across the car because of a lack of engineering and marketing studies for where they sell their product. Now we are VERY happy with the car and to have an only gripe of cupholders on a car is phenominal. We dont't have any desire to replace this car except for another BMW in quite a few years. I'd suggest to anyone looking to look at BMW. We started wanting a Pontiac Grand Prix GTX and when pricing them out $32k for a Pontiac led us to looking at a BMW. Wow I can't believe we thought about buying a Grand Prix:-) WE dont't regret spending the extra money. It's more than worth it and a great value and these cars are awesome. If you want to go fast you can if you dont't you dont't have to. BMW offers many models to choose from. I only wish my Ford Superduty that cost almost as much as the BMW was built as well and I've had more problems with it and it's newer. Mark
