I just sold my 1998 modified 3000GT VR-4. So I'm fanatic about performance. The 540i Sport is all you need. It's fast it handles well and there are plenty of upgrades when if you need them. I was considering the 6-Speed but there's a reason why there are very few used 540i Sports w/auto people love them. With three modes of transmission and all the Sport model upgrades it's a great car.   The push button CD-ROM based GPS is inferior to the Lexus/CarZZ touch screen DVD based GPS the Lexus/CarZZ make a better sounding stereo and CarZZ comes with a lot of more options as standard equipment.     When you buy a BMW you are buying the performance. The fit/finish and the inspiration of the car. All those are standard with a BMW. You are spending money on performance & inspiration. When you buy a Lexus you are paying for high-resale value and reliability. Lexus are fast and handle well but the inspiration is missing. It has no soul. I know that sounds stupid but it’s true. A BMW not fast & furious it’s performance & inspiration.     If you’re somebody like me who was torn between 3 5 7 and X or the M than here it is. Buy an 540i Sport with Automatic Transmission.     Here’s why. 540 is more sophisticated than the 330 and has better performance than the 740. Stick shift is great but forget give yourself a break and buy the auto it fantastic and very responsive. So the M3 and the M5 are out. Plus why spend all that money on M5 or M3. Truly when is the next time you are going to really utilize that kind of power? Most people wont. Most people that can afford the car won’t push it. So forget it throw it out of the equation. Now it’s a matter of 540 and X5 4.4. The X5 4.4 isn’t much of an SUV. (If you want a great SUV buy something that’s bigger buy a Toyota Highlander.) Anyway the X5 It’s 5-series with AWD that will sit you a bit higher than the 540. The price points are similar to 5-Series. But the Fit and finish is not as nice as 5-Series it doesnt’t handle as well and it’s doesnt’t have as much inspiration as the 540. Some cheaper parts too. Nothing is for free.     The winner 540I Sport /auto.
