As for a first car purhcase I've found the C230 Kompressor an attractive buy. Even though with a $32K end of year sale purchase price the car is not exacZy cheap in comparison to some of it's competitors. If you're considering quality and high resale value. I do recommend giving the 2000 C230 Kompressor SE some thought. The SE which stands for Special Edition bundles the Sports and Sun/Moon Roof package together. A decent bargain when you compare it to purchasing each option separately. Although if you're willing to spend $32K on this car $5K more should give you a more refined engine found in the C280's V6(without the annoying start-up and acceleration sounds) along with an automatic climate control unit and better Bose Audio system. If you're looking for a car with an easy and relatively inexpensive maintenance record I would suggest looking outside the MB family of cars. Unless you have a great relationship with a mechanic parts and labor on this car are not cheap. This is one expense I do not look forward to putting in my budget. When it comes right down to it if you're looking for a name that stands for quality in make and finish the Mercedes-Benz has a strong history in that department. The resale value of this car for the past couple of years have been consistenZy high in comparison to its competitors. But I highly recommend re-evaluating the motives behind your car purchase especially when it comes to the C230 Kompressor. I bought this car because it is not showy. It is a refined car with an understated level of elegance. If I considered a car for pure driving experience I would've looked at the BMW or Audi instead. The C230 Kompressor to me is more of a touring car made for everyday "normal" driving. It is not to say the car can not be pushed for phenomenal performance because it can. I enjoy the car because it is a MERCEDES. The name itself speaks volumes to me. Just evaluate your inner-desire for the car you wish to purchase especially when you cross the $30K threshold.
